setRequestHeader: using forbidden has no effect (#23301)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/xmlhttprequest/setrequestheader/index.md

> For security reasons, some headers can only be controlled by the user agent. These
> headers include the {{Glossary("Forbidden_header_name", "forbidden header names")}}
> and {{Glossary("Forbidden_response_header_name", "forbidden response header names")}}.
> These calls will be ignored without warning or error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, there are several {{Glossary("Forbidden_header_name", "forbidden header names")}} whose values are controlled by the user agent. Any attempt to set a value for one of those headers from frontend JavaScript code will be ignored without warning or error.
```
